Mention linters to avoid personal preference debates on PRs (#648)
thoughtbot/guides: code-review/README.md

If you disagree with a guideline, open an issue on the guides repo rather than
debating it within the code review. In the meantime, apply the guideline.
It's often helpful to set up a linter like [standard] to automatically format code

> and avoid debating personal preferences on PRs.

Reviewer: I have a slight negative reaction to trying to avoid things...would something like this work?

```suggestion
and reduce personal preference debates on PRs.
```

Reviewer: I could also see this as something like,

```
It's often helpful to set up a linter like [standard] to automatically format code.
This helps us have more meaningful conversations on PRs rather than debating
personal style preferences.
```

Author: I love that! Thanks!

> It's often helpful to set up a linter like [standard] to automatically format code
> and avoid debating personal preferences on PRs.

Author: ```suggestion
It's often helpful to set up a linter like [standard] to automatically format code.
This helps us have more meaningful conversations on PRs rather than debating
personal style preferences.
```
